Inform users that the daily build URL should not be used for VM image (#738)
harvester/docs: docs/image/upload-image.md

:::note

- The image name will be auto-filled using the URL address's filename. You can customize the image name at any time.

> - We strongly recommend against using the daily build URL  (e.g., [Ubuntu Jammy daily build](https://cloud-images.ubuntu.com/jammy/current/jammy-server-cloudimg-amd64.img)). Longhorn will try to re-download the file for self-healing. However, since the daily build URL changes every day, its checksum will no longer match, leading to a conflict that causes the replicas to be lost.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Avoid using a daily build URL (for example, the [Ubuntu Jammy daily build](https://cloud-images.ubuntu.com/jammy/current/jammy-server-cloudimg-amd64.img)). When all replicas of a Longhorn backing image are lost, Longhorn attempts to download the file again for self-healing purposes. Using a daily build URL is problematic because the URL itself changes, causing a checksum mismatch and a conflict that results in lost replicas.
```
